.TH DPASTE 1 2017-06-26

.SH NAME
.B dpaste
- A simple pastebin for light values (max 64KB) using OpenDHT distributed hash
table.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B dpaste -h

.B dpaste -v

.B dpaste [\fIoptions\fP...]

.B dpaste -g \fIcode\fP [\fIoptions\fP...]

.SH DESCRIPTION

By default, \fBdpaste\fP will read its standard input for a file to paste on
OpenDHT.  For fetching a file, you have to provide the \fIcode\fP associated to
it using the flag \fB-g\fP.

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
\fB-h\fP
Prints some help.

.TP
\fB-v\fP
Shows the version of the program.

.TP
\fB-g\fP \fIcode\fP, \fB--get\fP \fIcode\fP
Specifies the code \fIcode\fP used to recover the file on the DHT.

.TP
\fB--aes-encrypt\fP
Use AES scheme for encryption. Password is automatically saved in the returned
code ("dpaste:XXXXXX").

.TP
\fB--gpg-encrypt\fP
Use GPG scheme for encryption.

.TP
\fB-r\fP \fIrecipient\fP, \fB--recipients\fP \fIrecipient\fP
Specify the list of recipients to use for GPG encryption (--gpg--encrypt). Use
\fB-r\fP multiple times to specify a list of recipients.

.TP
\fB-s\fP, \fB--sign\fP
Tells wether message should be signed using the user's GPG key. The key has to
be configured through the configuration file (\fB$XDG_CONFIG_DIR/dpaste.conf\fP,
keyword: \fBpgp_key_id\fP).

.TP
\fB--no-decrypt\fP
Tells dpaste not to decrypt PGP data and rather output it on stdout.

.TP
\fB--self-recipient\fP
Include self as recipient. Self refers to the key id configured for signing
(see --sign description). This only takes effect if option \fB-e\fP is also
used.

.SH RETURN CODE
The program returns 0 on success. Otherwise 1 is returned.

.SH FILES

.TP
\fB$XDG_CONFIG_DIR/dpaste.conf\fP
Main configuration file where. \fBdpaste\fP will look for this file to recover
complementary information.

.SH AUTHORS
\(bu
.\}
Simon Désaulniers <sim.desaulniers@gmail.com>

\(bu
.\}
Adrien Béraud <adrien.beraud@savoirfairelinux.com>
